## About

This Weather App is a React Native application that allows users to check the current weather conditions for a specific location. It utilizes [Weather API](https://www.weatherapi.com/) to fetch real-time weather data and provides a user-friendly interface to display the information.

## Features

- Display current weather conditions including temperature, humidity, wind speed, and more.
- Search for weather data in different locations by city name or ZIP code.
- Intuitive and responsive user interface.
- Detailed weather forecast for the upcoming days.

### Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:

- Node.js and npm installed on your machine.
- Expo CLI installed globally: `npm install -g expo-cli`

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```shell
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/weather-app-react-native.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

   ```shell
   cd weather-app-react-native
   ```

3. Install the dependencies:

   ```shell
   npm install
   ```

4. Create a `.env` file in the project root and add your Weather API key:

   ```
   WEATHER_API_KEY=your_api_key_here
   ```

   Replace `your_api_key_here` with your actual Weather API key.

5. Start the development server:

   ```shell
   npm start
   ```

6. Scan the QR code generated by Expo using the Expo Go app on your mobile device or run the app on an emulator/simulator.

## Usage

- Open the app and allow location access or manually enter a city name or ZIP code to check the weather.
- View detailed weather information, including temperature, humidity, wind speed, and more.
- Swipe or scroll to access the weather forecast for the upcoming days.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community. To contribute to this project, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix: `git checkout -b feature/new-feature` or `git checkout -b bug/fix-bug`.
3. Make your changes and commit them: `git commit -m "Add new feature"`.
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin feature/new-feature`.
5. Create a pull request with a clear title and description.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---
